STY: Move to passive voice/imperative mood (#12)
sappelhoff/bids-specification: src/02-common-principles.md

    due to different subject response or randomized nature of the stimuli). Run
    is a synonym of a data acquisition.

> ## File name structure

Author: I'm wondering if it makes sense to move this section one section below, as I think the next section provides a justification for the naming structure, while this describes the structure.

Just a thought, though.

Reviewer: +1, fixed in https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/272/commits/dbfe38aa10a9e4ea4e930f712866d43417f8dddc

File names consist of chains of *entities*, or key-value pairs, a *suffix* and an
*extension*.
Two prominent examples of entities are `subject` and `session`.

For a data file that was collected in a given `session` from a given
`subject`, the file name will begin with the string `sub-<label>_ses-<label>`.

Note that `sub-<label>` corresponds to the `subject` entity because it has
the `sub-` "key" and`<label>` "value", where `<label>` would in a real data file
correspond to a unique identifier of that subject, such as `01`.
The same holds for the `session` entity with its `ses-` key and its `<label>`
value.

A chain of entities, followed by a suffix, connected by underscores (`_`)
produces a human readable file name, such as `sub-01_task-rest_eeg.edf`.
It is evident from the file name alone that the file contains resting state
data from subject `01`.
The suffix `eeg` and the extension `.edf` depend on the imaging modality and
the data format and indicate further details of the file's contents.

> The list of all entities in BIDS and the order in which they MUST be

Author: ```suggestion
A summary of all entities in BIDS and the order in which they MUST be
```

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/272/commits/dbfe38aa10a9e4ea4e930f712866d43417f8dddc

specified is available in the [entity table](./99-appendices/04-entity-table.md)
in the appendix.

> 

Author: This feels kind of obvious, as the spec is details, but if you feel strongly we can leave it in. I'll propose a small wording change that might make the implication a little stronger.

Reviewer: I am fine with rewording and/or deleting, it's true that it's quite obvious
